Guess which twin has the key?
Wind 10 Grand.
Take your blindfold off and look for the differences.
The one on the right has the key.
All right, go behind the curtain.
They look identical.
10 Grand, which one has the key?
Oh, I'm gonna go with all the right.
You guys correctly!
No!
Bring out the triplet.
Do you want to risk it all in double it for 20k?
Yeah, let's do it.
Really?
She will now have the key?
Look for the differences between them.
All three look the same.
They have now mixed up randomly.
With 20k dollars on the line,
let's see if you can guess correctly.
The far left.
The one on the left.
She does!
I lied about them being triplets.
You know where this is going.
Do you want to risk it all again for 40k dollars?
This isn't saying.
I'm good.
You're good.
Good, congrats, man!
Now go watch 100 identical twins battle for 250 grand.